When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Remote repository can be useful when there are multiple people working on a
    project or same person works on the project from multiple computers.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because someone else working on the same project might make some
    changes of which we are unaware and automatic pull might change
    out file with the one from remote repository leading to loss of
    our copy(if it was not commited) and confusion.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Clone is used when  one of our repository is to be pushed or pulled to/from
    github. Forks is done when we use someone else's repository, who have not
    given us remote access to the repository. Branching is done when some side
    projects are carried out which working on some project,

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having last state of remote stored locally will make sure that less
    amount of new branches are made by each person working on the project.
    

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I think if github or git was not there then things would become a lot
    complicated. One or two previous stable versions will need to be saved
    manually in different folders.For sharing projects with someone else
    everything needs to be communicated manually and whole project may
    be needed to send again and again.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    If one among all people working on some project decides to add certain
    featuers to the project then they may think of making changes in a separate
    branch rather than working directly as it will ensure that the project on the
    main branch does not break and also that other people can have a chance to
    look at the changes before they are introduced in the project. 
