How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	Each and every diff between the two versions was shown it would have
	been a difficult task to find out styles!.css and style1.css without
	using diff. Above all diff shows + - of lines, lines which were added
	and which were deleted. That helped in spoting the difference.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	Having entire history of a file can be very helpful. It can surely
	show what were the previous versions of the file that did'nt work
	or which of the precious versions worked correctly. It can help
	comparing the previous versions with current one.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	Manual saving method enables us to save when we want but this can be
	a problem if we forget to save for long time. Manual saving should
	be done after every logical change, forgetting to do so  will mean
	that the person will have to commit multiple logical changes at once.
	Also automatically saving can create too many saved versions and many
	of them wont even work properly beacuse they were uncomplete code.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because git is a code version-control system, any changes in one file
	will possibly have effects on multiple files thus allowing multiple files
	to be saved at once is quite nice. On the other hand google docs treat
	each file separately because they are normal docs and normally not related
	to each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	To use git log, just type 'git log' in git bash and press enter, it
	shows all the logs just keep pressing 'Down Arrow' till you find the log
	you were looking for, press 'Q' to quit out of log history. For using git
	diff, the syntax is 'git diff first_id second_id' green lines were added
	and red lines were removed. 'git diff' shows difference between 2 versions
	of files. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	Because we would know that previous working version is still safe with us.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to try out the things that I learned about git in action and I
	also wanna see how much of help git can be.